#Unit 1 Part B Task One
enroll
foundation
melody
straightforward
pitch
keen
accompaniment
coordinate
academic
#Unit 1 Part B Task Two
corporation
tour
finely
expertise
promising
numerous
conservatoire
proceeds
foundation
concerto
#Unit 1 Part B Task Three
debut
venue
heavyweight
anniversary
incorporate
curriculum
host
showcase
seminar
#Unit 1 Part B Task Four
stick with
buck
mow
lawn
precious
passionate
demo
scream
clown
hang out
throng
discipline
#Unit 1 Part C Clip One
handcraft
Hamburg
nurture
attend to
maintain
objective
stand
#Unit 1 Part C Clip Two
harp
incredible
construction
maple
beech
massive
laminated
elastic
huntsman
bow
carving
statue
survive
Assyria
Mesopotamia
#Unit 2 Part B Task One
platform
concentrate
recreate
artistic
mysterious
imitate
wig
feedback
tutorial
#Unit 2 Part B Task Two
autism
autistic
canvas
undeniably
studio
pajama
inspiration
on display
barely
complexity
remarkably
#Unit 2 Part B Task Three
call for
performance art
symbolize
sustainability
expo
feature
original
anime
#Unit 2 Part B Task Four
entertainer
deluxe
edition
release
album
#Unit 2 Part C Clip One
cower
herd
exemption
actuary
bunny
cop
ancestor
declare
darn
complacency
heck
carrot
amen
noble
#Unit 2 Part C Clip Two
collection
catastrophe
loathe
perfume
substantial
backup
brew
mademoiselle
legacy
#Unit 3 Part B Task One
obesity
evidence
obese
overweight
striking
stroke
diabetes
policy-making
label
#Unit 3 Part B Task Two
bio
bout
thoroughly
microbe
source
mince
poultry
cut
chill
leftover
refrigerate
ingredient
bacteria
reproduce
packaging
salmonella
#Unit 3 Part B Task Three
sauce
topping
Baltimore
Maryland
ban
soda
sugary
#Unit 3 Part B Task Four
awesome
starving
#Unit 3 Part C Clip One
right off the bat
tray
bell pepper
broccoli
nutrient
calorie
yogurt
granola
latte
guacamole
walnut
toast
skim
tilapia
grill
almond
#Unit 3 Part C Clip Two
amongst
mysterious
energetic
microorganism
ferment
foul
repulsive
rot
pathogenic
vomit
diarrhea
deceitful
prolific
vulnerable
contamination
bacterial
#Unit 4 Part B Task One
lap
spectator
witness
stagger
partially
paralyze
acute
exhaustion
heatstroke
paramedic
motion
torture
staffer
applause
fascinate
#Unit 4 Part B Task Two
pioneering
track and field
scarlet fever
coach
community
inspiration
undefeated
crushing
#Unit 4 Part B Task Three
FIFA
reveal
engage
interaction
yo-yo
wrap up
contestant
#Unit 4 Part B Task Four
electric
Argentina
inevitable
Barcelona
hat-trick
ample
striker
Belgium
unpredictable
spring
knockout
#Unit 4 Part C Clip One
heat
trip
stumble
embrace
tumble
advance
#Unit 4 Part C Clip Two
scoreboard
news feed
ritual
identity
#Unit 5 Part B Task One
boost
counterpart
Portugal
Czech Republic
fundamental
replicate
mathematical
resource
reinforce
tutoring
generalist
#Unit 5 Part B Task Two
innovative
feedback
lecturer
polling
formative
assessment
insight
personalized
instruction
paste
forum
QR code
#Unit 5 Part B Task Three
journal
psychology
laptop
speculate
on strike
affect
excessive
administration
#Unit 5 Part B Task Four
integrate
utilize
submit
assignment
peer review
engagement
for the sake of
#Unit 5 Part C Clip One
ratio
edition
deficient
self-esteem
strut
impress
#Unit 5 Part C Clip Two
prestigious
quote
Aristotle
reason
offense
ingredient
conviction
faith
#Unit 6 Part B Task One
IPO
initial public offering
New York Stock Exchange
headquarters
batch
genuinely
noble
poker
meditate
tai chi
environmentalism
acre
reserve
trove
#Unit 6 Part B Task Two
dedicated
obligation
charity
occupy
transition
groundbreaking
launch
vaccine
grants
bold
clinical
trial
spark
breakthrough
intention
#Unit 6 Part B Task Three
authorities
association
recognition
commitment
consecutive
#Unit 6 Part B Task Four
part with
spitting
pediatrician
candid
pregnancy
incredibly
sighting
beloved
#Unit 6 Part C Clip One
vision
sleek
portable
toaster
genius
tech
geek
shrine
guru
spur
dictatorial
guts
instinct
abrasive
brash
elitist
envision
multitasking
#Unit 6 Part C Clip Two
agent
commencement
suspect
diagnose
pancreatic
mourn
nonprofit
carve out
ripple
#Unit 7 Part B Task One
revitalize
embrace
realism
melt
melting pot
mentor
integrate
scholarship
ground
droop
defeat
reference
gallop
#Unit 7 Part B Task Two
Impressionism
sketch
grocery
depression
burden
drown
Seine
society
stroke
convey
Giverny
footbridge
texture
cemetery
#Unit 7 Part B Task Three
delegation
statue
exhibit
backdrop
selfie
donate
venue
winding
#Unit 7 Part B Task Four
medium
portrait
formulate
overflow
stunning
intend
muddy
#Unit 7 Part C Clip One
conceive
altarpiece
filter
gallery
chant
prayer
incense
realm
flicker
threnody
everlasting
intercede
Christ
Virgin Mary
sacramental
#Unit 7 Part C Clip Two
Monsieur
afresh
impressionist
#Unit 8 Part B Task One
sci-fi
visually-impaired
bunch
sensor
hazard
distracted
#Unit 8 Part B Task Two
diagnosis
detect
deadly
milestone
esophageal
database
diagnostic
start-up
booming
platform
imaging
#Unit 8 Part B Task Three
giant
predict
autonomous
sector
much-anticipated
futuristic
cashier
code
#Unit 8 Part B Task Four
selective
conscious
strive
empathetic
#Unit 8 Part C Clip One
scary
maximize
inaction
conflict
#Unit 8 Part C Clip Two
torture
ceiling
anti-gravity
float